Link Advanced Keda Example (#213)
kyma-project/keda-manager: docs/user/04-20-demo-applications.md

> ## Keda CPU Scaler Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Keda CPU scaler example
```

NAMESPACE   NAME                                 REFERENCE                   TARGETS   MINPODS   MAXPODS   REPLICAS   AGE
keda-demo   keda-hpa-orders-service-cpu-scaler   Deployment/orders-service   80%/30%   1         10        4          31s
```

> ## Keda Prometheus Scaler Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Keda Prometheus scaler example
```

> Please follow [the linked example](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/scale-to-zero-with-keda) to experience how Kyma Keda module can complement other Kyma components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [this example](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/scale-to-zero-with-keda) to experience how Kyma's Keda module can complement other Kyma components.
```

It demonstrates an event-driven approach that allows you to decouple functional parts of an application and apply consumption-based scaling.

It uses: 

>  - Functions to deploy workloads directly from a Git repository (kyma serverless),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Functions to deploy workloads directly from a Git repository ([Kyma Serverless](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/main-areas/serverless/)),
```

>  - In-cluster Eventing to enable event-driven communication (kyma eventing), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - In-cluster Eventing to enable event-driven communication ([Kyma Eventing](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/main-areas/eventing/)), 
```
